## REGISTERED CLIENT SERVICE ASSOCIATE

## Summary

To obtain a position where m y years of experience in the client support environm ent and proven track record of m aintaining and developing new businesses can be fully utilized. Results-oriented, high-energy, hands-on professional, with a successful record of accom plishm ents in client support. Major strengths include strong leadership, excellent com m unication skills, strong team  player, attention to detail, com pliance in all regulated environm ent and supervisory skills.

## Skills

Microsoft Word for Windows, Excel, Power Point, Access, Adobe PageMaker 6.5, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Visio, Unix, Oracle 9i and Developer 2000.

## Experience

Registered Client Service Associate 06/2012 to Current Com pany Nam e City , State

- Serve as prim ary contact to investm ent clients and prospects.
- Provide all operational services and support for client accounts.
- Provide Financial Advisors with presentations and sem inars, aide in the im plem entation of m arketing m aterials for prospects.
- Referring clients to other lines of banking division to enhance the relationship.
- Work with Financial Advisors to efficiently m anage their book of business to increase their revenue for the bank.
- Conduct monthly audits to m ake sure that client objectives are in consideration with the investm ents being offered by the brokers.
- Work directly with the Financial Advisors to m anage their book of business worth 40 m illion.

## Relationship Banker II 06/2004 to 06/2012 Com pany Nam e City , State

- Serve as prim ary contact to retail, com m ercial, and prospect clients.
- New account opening and cross sale of other banking products and services.
- Referring identified client needs to other lines of banking divisions.
- Proactively cold calling the clients to introduce the new products and services to increase branch revenue.
- Conduct meetings with com m ercial bankers and introduce the banking products to the com m ercial clients to enhance the banking relati onshi p.
- Accomplishments.
- Ranked in top 10 among 82 reps for 7 straight years, exceeding sales quotas a m onth.
- Winner of best sales representative of the year reward 3 straight years and first quarter in 2011.
- Increased branch non-interest incom e by 10% with the sale of banking products and excellent client service skills.
- Increased the loan portfolio for the branch by $800,000 within 7 m onths.
- Increased net deposit portfolio for the branch by $1.7 m illion for the quarter by proven sales skills.
- Training new hires and branch personals to be experts in their job perform ance to be successful in the com pany.

## Private Banker 01/2003 to 01/2004 Company Name City , State

- Conduct outside sales calls to bring in new business.
- Performing operational tasks of the branch that includes reconciliation and m onitoring of Federal Reserve account.
- Opening new consumer, business accounts and creating CIF's, entering new accounts in the system  using Im pact.
- Performing many tasks using Im pact such as change of address, custom er account inform ation, posting stop paym ents, and loan inform ation.
- Assisted in reception handling high volum e custom er calls.

## Technical Writer/ Web Developer 01/2000 to 01/2002 Company Name City , State

- Responsibilities include creating, editing and verifying product and service docum entation.
- Documentation types include: hardware and software user and service m anuals, online help and tutorials, programming/configuration/installation docum ents, requirem ent docum ents and reference docum ents.
- Work out various researches for giving the accurate description of the erection, installation, rem oval as well as m aintenance of different genres of hardware.
- Supply wiring figures outlines along with part breakdown sketches for illustrations.
- Scripting interactive on-line help and tutorial packages.
- Installati on and m aintenance of com puter, security, and telecom m unications system s.

## Education and Training

B.S : Computer Inform ation System s 2001 Strayer University Com puter Inform ation System s

1997 Northern Virginia Community College DBA Training, Com pleted First DBA exam  in India

Series 7-General Securities Registered Representative 2016

Skills

Dreamweaver, Adobe PageMaker 6.5, Adobe Photoshop, banking, book, cold calling, hardware, client, clients, DBA, Docum entation, editing, Financial, investm ents, m arketing m aterials, m eetings, Access, Excel, Power Point, Windows, Microsoft Word, online help, Oracle 9, Developer 2000, outside sales, presentations, program m ing, reception, requirem ent, retail, sales skills, sales, Securities, sem inars, Scripting, tel ecom m unications, Unix, Visio, wiring