Executive Assistant who is skilled at m ulti-tasking and m aintaining a strong attention to detail. Em ploys professionalism  and superior com m unication skill s to m eet cl i ent and com pany needs.

## Skill Highlights

Time management

Meticulous attention to detail

Microsoft Office proficiency

Invoice processing

## Core Accomplishments

Calendaring Â

- Planned all m eetings and travel for CEO.

## Scheduling Â

- Facilitated onboarding of new em ployees by scheduling training, answering questions and processing paperwork.

## Process Improvement Â

- Oversaw implementation of new phone system  which resulted in m ore cost-effective service.

## Research Â

- Investigated any necessary inform ation for proper billing for insurance com panies, patients and DMEs such as proper billing codes.

## Data Organization Â

- Improved office organization by com piling quarterly budget reports, financial spreadsheets, organizational charts and com pany data reports using advanced Microsoft Excel functions.

## Multitasking Â

- Demonstrated proficiencies in telephone, e-m ail, fax and front-desk reception within high-volum e environm ent.

## Administration Â

- Performed administration tasks such as filing, developing spreadsheets, faxing reports, photocopying collateral and scanning docum ents for i n ter-departm ental use.

## Reporting Â

- Maintained status reports to provide m anagem ent with updated inform ation for client projects.

## Planning Â

- Arranged, scheduled and coordinated all logistics and travel itineraries for staff of 10 em ployees.
- Ensured staff was equipped with all necessary supplies and collateral for long distance travel.

Formally recognized for playing an instrum ental role in the im plem entation of cost savings m easures.

## Experience

Sales

October 2014 to Current Company Name ï¼ City , State

Coordinated customer facing webinars, including developing relationships with vendors, tracking custom er attendance and post-webinar follow-up.

## Freelance

January 2014 to Current Company Name ï¼ City , State

Arranged appropriate travel, visas, agendas, necessary contacts and country inform ation.Maintained and coordinated executive and senior management vacation, day-to-day m eeting and travel schedules.Wrote and distributed m eeting m inutes to appropriate individuals.Coordinated

- Travel administration
- Scheduling
- Self-starter
- Meeting planning

customer facing webinars, including developing relationships with vendors, tracking custom er attendance and post-webinar follow-up.Managed desktop publishing and proposal and m em o typing.

## Executive Assistant Executive Assistant

February 2011 to July 2013 Company Name ï¼ City , State

- Sole assistant for Eastern half of North Am erica Highly versed in linguistics, strategic writing and language.
- Composed marketing documentation in addition to territory-wide em ail Prepared and processed expense reports, enforced m andatory budget policies for sales account m anagers Sim ultaneously m anaged calendars of num erous executives Booked travel, both international &amp; domestic Managed facility logistics, vendor m aintenance Managed training classes ranging from  5 to 50 guests for McAfee's New York City office Staffed conferences held at the Jacob Javitz center in New York City as well as Las Vegas' boutique hotel The Venetian Planned and attended quarterly reviews in five regions across North Am erica.
- Human Resources representative for New York City; conceptualized and placed into action a uniform  on- boarding m anual Fully versed in sales and operational data, forecasting Assisted, and m ore im portantly was trusted, in details of personal m atters.
- Designed PowerPoint presentations for m onthly divisional m eetings with top-level executives.
- Scheduled Board of Directors m eetings and assisted with m eeting m aterials and agendas.
- Maintained and coordinated executive and senior m anagem ent vacation, day-to-day m eeting and travel schedules.
- Collaborated with other adm inistrative team  m em bers, hum an resources and the finance departm ent on special projects and events.
- Provided logistical support to visiting executives in coordination with other Executive Assistants.
- Coordinated customer facing webinars, including developing relationships with vendors, tracking custom er attendance and post-webinar foll ow-up.
- Created and maintained com puter- and paper-based filing and organization system s for records, reports and docum ents.
- Investigated issues and problem s and drafted responses to urgent requests.
- Served as Executive Assistant to the national sales m anager, m arketing m anager and senior product m anagers.
- Initi ated and updated yearly dealer agreem ents and dealer applications.
- Approved travel expenses and reim bursem ent requests.
- Arranged appropriate travel, visas, agendas, necessary contacts and country inform ation.

## Supervisor

June 2006 to February 2011 Company Name ï¼ City , State

- Oversaw staff ranging from  2-10 em ployees per shift Observed established trends to m arket purposefully, divided sales into m icrosegments, in order to increase RTD sales Utilized revenue data along with environm ental factors as prim ary source of research based upon direct contact with consum ers.

## Education

Bachelor's : Anthropology Hunter College ï¼ City , State

Emphasis in Linguistics

Skills

Microsoft Office Suite, Calendaring, Critical Thinking, Travel Arrangem ents

## Additional Inform ation

- LINKS
- http://www.linkedin.com /in/rachellascalla