Ambitious leader who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business initiatives. Builds and retains high perform ance team s by hiring, developing and m otivating skilled professionals.

## Skill Highlights

- Multi-unit operations m anagem ent
- Change implementation/project m anagem ent
- Relationship and vendor m anagem ent

## Core Accomplishments

- Operations Management: Managed multi-sites and units (150 FTE) Handled m ultiple functions related to custom er care, collections, loss mitigation, risk, foreclosure, and underwriting
- Staff Development: Launched well-received program  of professional developm ent courses for all staff.
- Mentored and coached employees resulting in a 12% increase in productivity.
- Project Management: Created policies and procedures for external vendors.
- Initi ated audit checklist for vendors resulting in 80% decrease in their average turn tim es and increasing overall quality by 40% in one year.
- Partnered with law firm s, judges, NY City Mayors office, NY City Bar, GSE and housing counseling attorney to institute Continued Learning Education sem inar for all court system s in NYC area.

## Professional Experience

Company Name City , State Business Development Manager, VP 12/2014 to Current

- Spearheaded sales of m anagem ytests.com  platform , resulting in a 1.2 m illion dollar increase in revenue over first six m onths.
- Accountable for sales and overall custom er satisfaction.
- Spearheaded cross-functional initiative to achieve new business.Increased profits by 60% in one year through restructure of business line.
- Closes new business deals by coordinating requirem ents; developing and negotiating contracts; integrating contract requirem ents with business operations.

## Company Name City , State Lending Manager, VP 09/2009 to 10/2014

- Led a department consisting of two AVP's, ten m anagers, one business training consultant and 120 FTE that consisted of single points of contact and underwriters.
- Managed all facets of loss m itigation for private investors within Wells Fargo.
- Accountable for ensuring com pliance with pooling and servicing agreem ents and m ortgage backed securities.
- Created two specialized team s within unit: High Im pact Resolution Unit responsible for reviewing and creating solutions for the Office of the President Foreclosure m ediation unit handling all m ediations across all investor lines within WFHM.
- This includes private, owned, FHA, VA, FNMA, and FHLMC.
- Ensured compliance with all internal and external audits including OCC, GCOR, and investor audits.
- Motivated unit to high levels of quality and production.Managed m ediation and vendor/relationship m anagem ent team s.
- Accountable for m anaging quality and effectiveness of all 3rd party law firm s including training and audits.
- Reviewed underwriting decisions for all com plex loans m ade within the unit requiring the highest level of authority within Wells Fargo.
- Successfully earned and held E Level authority for Bank and Private, Wells Owned, Wells Fargo Financial, Wells Fargo Hom e Equity, Wells Fargo Pick a Pay, FNMA, FHLMC, USDA, VA, FHA, and FHLB.
- Created state specific policies and procedures in collaboration with project and im plem entation team s.
- Trained mediation program  adm inistrators, judges, and m agistrates on m ortgage servicing basics to build foundations for new m ediation programs across the country.
- Represented Wells Fargo in key legislative m eetings in partnership with Governm ent Relations and Legal.
- Also appeared in litigated and m ediated court cases nationally.

## Company Name City , State Collections Supervisor II 03/2007 to 09/2009

- Responsible for coaching, influencing, developing and m anaging team  m em bers including decisions relative to perform ance reviews, terminations, hires, discipline, salary actions, etc.
- Provides quality custom er service to internal and external custom ers.
- Ensures compliance and quality standards are m et in accordance with internal key indicators and investor requirem ents.
- Liaison between quality control/analytics departm ent and business unit relating to all key indicator reviews and responses.
- Infl uences perform ance of the business unit by working as a key m em ber of the decision m aking m anagem ent team  on strategy and building departmental effectiveness and perform ance.
- Aligns business unit activities to business priorities.
- Participates in strategic dialer planning discussions and provides input regarding future direction.
- Created global scripting for outbound Loss Mitigation cam paigns.
- Participates in HOPE NOW initiatives and foreclosure prevention events.
- Call center/dialer operations
- Underwriting
- Strategic planning
- Operational Risk

## Company Name City , State Customer Service and Collections Supervisor II 01/2001 to 03/2007

- Supervised the inbound and outbound Custom er Service and Collections call team s.
- Initi ated m onthl y em pl oyee i ncenti ve program s for quality and quantity while m anaging to a budget.
- Monitored phone calls for com pliance and possible training opportunities.
- Handled escalation calls; m anage incom ing and outgoing calls to custom ers.
- Prepared monthly statistical reports for senior m anagem ent.
- Monitored phone calls for com pliance and possible training opportunities.
- Reviewed employee productivity on daily basis and m otivated staff to optim um  perform ance.
- Responsible for all hum an resource functions such as: m onthly and annual evaluations, salary reviews, hiring and term inations.
- Played major role in opening two Call Centers located in Rancho Cucam onga, California and Schaum burg, Illinois.
- Managed multiple projects such as updating com pany policies and procedures, developing and testing the website, and business continuity plans.

Company Name City , State Loan Processing Supervisor 01/2000 to 01/2001

- Analyzed loan application, prelim inary title report, and credit report to determ ine which supporting docum ents to order (e.g., VOE, VOM, payoff demands, subordinations, etc).
- Analyzed all loan docum ents for com pleteness and sufficiency to m ake a loan decision.
- Collaborated with loan officers to clear loan conditions, com m unicating with external parties as necessary.
- At the conclusion of the rescission period, deliver file to funding and give approval to fund.
- Set up recording with the title com pany and confirm  the recording.
- Authorize title to disburse funds and coordinate any check exchanges.
- Pull reports to ensure loans are subm itted in accordance with state and federal regulations.

## Company Name City , State Loan Officer 01/1998 to 01/2000

- Responsible for generating leads via inbound and outbound solicitations.
- Assessed prospective custom ers' needs to determ ine their interest in obtaining a loan and com plete loan application.
- Developed and maintain business referral sources.
- Ordered comparables from appraisers.
- Gathered customer's documentation for loan approval.
- Maintained consistent productivity to ensure the fulfillm ent of perform ance standards and goals.
- Prepared and provided accurate reports of business developm ent activities.

## Education

## BACHELOR OF ARTS : BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Univerity of Pheonix , State

## Skills

budget, business developm ent, Call Center, coaching, com m unication skills, consultant, credit, Custom er Service, decision m aking, direction, documentation, Equity, senior m anagem ent, external audits, Financial, funds, Governm ent, hiring, hum an resource, Leadership, law, Legal, managing, mediation, m eetings, Office, operations m anagem ent, perform ance reviews, Pick, policies, Project m anagem ent, quality, quality control, recording, Relationship m anagem ent, securities, scripting, strategy, strategic, phone, Underwriting, Vendor m anagem ent, website