## SENIOR ACCOUNTANT

## Professional Sum m ary

Senior accountant who completes accounting activities with accuracy and speed with extensive experience in full life cycle of general ledger accounting

## Skills

- Aderant/CMS
- Excel
- QuickBooks Pro
- SQL
- AccessÂ
- Peachtree
- Hyperion
- Financial reporting
- US GAAP principles
- IFRS
- Bookkeeping
- Budget development
- Individual tax returns
- Essbase

## Work History

Senior Accountant Mar 2006 - Current

Company Name City , State

- Reconcile various balance sheet accounts not lim ited to cash and liability accounts, including bank statem ents, for the purpose of m aintaining the accuracy of the general ledger in accordance with cash, GAAP, and various international tax legislative basis.
- Perform the prim ary liaison function for the interim  and annual audits perform ed by Deloitte.Â
- Perform assigned schedules for interim  and annual audits.Â
- Assist auditors with understanding of firm 's internal controls which include revenue and expenditure cycle. Â
- Review and analyze journal entries from  the original accounting source and if a variance from  the general ledger is found, initiate discussions with specialists in accounts receivable, accounts payable, payroll, and tax departm ent to resolve the discrepancy.
- Review and analyze international payrolls inÂ aspect of incom e tax, local tax, consum ption tax, and fringe benefit deductions for Seoul, Shanghai, and Tokyo office and upload into Aderant/CMS for posting into the general ledger.
- Analyze and reconcileÂ value added tax for Vienna and Seoul office
- Resolve currency fluctuation issues and record gains/losses related to currency exchange rates for the international offices of the firm  by using currency m ode journal entries.
- Analyze expatriate expenditures on m onthly basis to be reported on W-2 form .
- Prepare initial K-1 schedules to be filed by tax departm ent
- Prepare month-end various accrual journal entries including base wage, bonus, occupancy, prepaid property insurance, telecom m unications, and catering accruals.
- Prepare and analyze expense allocations from  firm  general to local offices on a m onthly basis.
- Review and analyze inter-com pany transactions for Seoul, Shanghai, Tokyo, and Vienna office
- Prepare monthly financial statem ents, which are shared with the partners and m anagem ent of the firm .
- Assist in translation of various fixed asset invoices from  Seoul and Tokyo office and other Asian offices' travel expense reports.
- Notable accomplishments: Found material m isstatem ent in prepaid property insurance for the first quarter of '08 and m ade prospective adjustments to the related general ledger accounts.
- Provided clarity in Japanese payroll system s associated with health, welfare, and childcare allowance to the m anagem ent and m ade prospective adjustm ents to the related general ledger accounts.

## Accountant Jan 2005 - Mar 2006

Company Name City , State

- Maintain financial records in accordance with GAAP to be reported to a parent com pany and investors.
- Analyze &amp; reconcile G/L accounts and prepare sem i-annual, and end year B/S, I/S, and statem ent of cash flows Coordinate with warehouse manager to ensure daily shipping schedules.
- Communicate with outside company's designated CPAs when tax issues arise.
- Establish m aster em ployee payroll record file for inform ation entry into payroll system .
- Receive &amp; compute hours, make deductions for 401K, health insurance, and other adjustm ents thru Paychex Prepare loan applications and maintain factoring arrangem ents with A/R schedule.
- Assist in training, guidance and coordination of accounts payable, accounts receivable, and other departm ents and site personnel.
- Performed semi-annual inventory valuation.

Financial Analyst Aug 2002 - Jan 2005 Company Name City , State

- Manage and forecast funds for Palm  Desert National Bank sponsored 350 ATM term inals averaging 2.5 m illion on a weekly basis.
- Reconcile &amp; settle, and act as lead accountant for Innobeta System s, Inc., (affiliate of Money Marketing, Inc.).
- Prepare monthly Profit and Loss reports as to surcharge and interchange.
- Analyze communication and armor carrier expenses as a tem porary M&amp;A team  m em ber during due diligence procedure of ATM World Corp.
- Analyze processing costs and network fees in term s of EFTs.
- Prepare audit work papers, confirm ations and other docum entation to m ake the audit efficient and hold on audit fees in connection with annual audit.
- Perform analysis of general ledger accounts; prepared journal entries and adjustm ents to facilitate closings.
- Assist in the preparation of full financial statem ents and footnotes for investors and lenders.
- Review work of staff and operations to assure that certain daily procedures and reconciliations were perform ed routinely according to policies and procedures.
- Translate and prepare docum ents pertaining to defective parts of Com Net ATM Series assem bled and distributed by Nextran Industries, a subsidiary com pany of Chungho Com Net Co., Ltd.
- Consult private investors and custom er services.

## Education

Bachelor of Business Adm inistration : Accounting August 2002

TEMPLE UNIVERSITY City , State

Accounting Audit Project: "Identifying potential risks that would im pact the audit of Xerox Corp."  Select Courses: Advance Accounting, Accounting Inform ation System , Auditing &amp; Assurance Services, Taxation

## Interests

- World travel/Photography/Golf/Soccer/Movie/Fashion

## Certifications

- Certified Public Accountant, New York State, Date of issued: 03/04/2015, License num ber: 117205

## Additional Inform ation

- Activities: Vice President, APS (Accounting Professional Society) at Tem ple University, 2001 - 2002