## ACCOUNTANT

## Summary

Innovative Accountant proficient in extracting financial data from  various reporting system s and suggesting key operational changes. Skills

- Budget forecasting expertise
- Analytical reasoning
- Account reconciliation expert
- Strong organizational skills

## Experience

04/2016 to Current

Accountant Company Name ï¼ City , State

- Performed debit, credit and total accounts on com puter spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software.
- Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions.
- Worked with management to document and offset unusual expense variances in their respective areas.
- Assisted the CFO with the production of the m onthly financials, m anagem ent reports and board packages.
- Coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice paym ents.
- Researched and resolved billing and invoice problem s.

## 04/2010 to 04/2016

Accounting Clerk Company Name ï¼ City , State

- Assisted in the creation of vendor contracts for outside vendors.
- Revised and stream lined inefficient work procedures with autom ation software.
- Reduced time and costs and increased efficiency by introducing new accounting procedures.

Suggested process im provem ents to secure prom pt and regular receipts for the organization.

- Coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice paym ents.
- Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancem ents and reconciliation procedures.
- Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations.

## 04/2006 to Current

Church Administrator Company Name ï¼ City , State

- Plans and im plem ents appropriate $140,000 annual budget (average) and accounting system s.
- Balance checking account and investm ent accounts and subm it reconciliation m onthly for Pastor's review and approval.
- Developed and implemented a Microsoft Excel Financial Database system  for stream lining all financial and charitable contributions record system for the Church; prepares annual contribution statem ents, year-end financial reports, financial inform ation for com m ittees and the Church as needed or requested.
- Attend to banking operations for deposit (cash handling $2,000 or m ore on weekly basis), check writing and Business Banking Online.
- Maintains the Church's Policies and Procedures Manual; adm inisters payroll for Church em ployees on a sem i-m onthly basis and all related payroll functions.
- Maintains a church m em bership database for over 100 m em bers which is keep confidential.
- Monitors and maintains inventory of Church's property and equipm ent m aking repairs and/or replacem ent as necessary.
- Being thoroughly fam iliar and abreast with the latest com puter software used and m ight benefit the church.

## Education and Training

January 2014

Master's : Business Adm inistration Troy University ï¼ City , State Business Adm inistration

December 2009

BBA : Accounting Management Columbus State University ï¼ City , State Accounting Managem ent

Skills

Account reconciliations, Accounting, Accountant, accounting system s, accounting system , Accounts payable, Adobe Acrobat, agency, Balance, banking, Budget analysis, budget, bi, cash handling, clerical, contracts, cost accounting, Database, fax, FDS, Finance, Financial, Financial analysis, fi n an ci al  m an ag em en t, f i n an ci al  operati on s, f i n an ci al  reports, f i n an ci al  statem en ts, f i scal  m an ag em en t, f orecasti n g , f u n cti on al , f u n d accou n ti n g , f u n ds, General Ledger, Government, grants, Innovation, m aintains inventory, inventory, leadership skills, Macintosh, Mainfram e, m anagerial, m anagerial accounting, Access, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Excel, Microsoft Office software, Office, Outlook, PowerPoint, Publisher, Windows, Word, Monitors, newsletter, Payroll, IBM-PC, copier, Policies, processes, profit, Program  Developm ent, proposals, QuickBooks, reconciling, record keeping, repairs, reporting, scanner, technical support, phone, tim e m anagem ent, type, written, annual reports, year-end

- General ledger accounting
- Expert in custom er relations
- Flexible team  player
- Advanced computer proficiency (PC and Mac)