## CONTRACT SENIOR ASSOCIATE MEDIA PLANNER AT SAPIENTNITRO

Summary

To obtain a m id-level leadership position in m edia that will utilize m y strong analytical, negotiation and creative- thinking skills.

Experience

Contract Senior Associate Media Planner at SapientNitro 07/2014 - Current Com pany Nam e City , State

## Clients: KPMG, Citizens Bank, The Institutes, Moven Â

- Involved in all aspects m edia planning and buying process, from  client briefing to post buy reporting Provide POVs for new vendors and opportunities Com pile RFPs for potential partners and negotiate m edia costs.
- Secure media placements and issue approved vendors IOs Create strategic and tactical m edia recom m endations with traditional and online components Analyze campaign reporting and provide clients with optim izations Assist m edia finance team  in vendor paym ent and client bil l i n g  L ead statu s u pdates cal l s wi th  cl i en ts, presen t m edi a recom m endati ons and POVs.

Freelance Sales Planner 04/2014 - 05/2014 Com pany Nam e City , State

- Served as prim ary POC for Major Projects brought in by Ad Sales Team .
- Created media plans and PPT decks for incom ing RFPs and m eetings for Ad Sales Team .
- Coordinated with m ultiple departm ents within the Ziff Davis Organization; ensuring program s have all necessary requirem ents to launch ti m el y  an d ef f ecti v el y .
- Managed client and agency expectations, creative approvals, project tim elines, and asset allotm ent for Ziff Davis program s and projects.
- Managed the expectations of Ad Sales, Operations, Sales Developm ent, Tech, Finance, and Editorial, to guarantee internal protocols and workflows are met with each program .
- Worked with Editorial staff to coordinate Ad Sales and Editorial Program s.
- Brainstormed with Marketing team  to create innovative ideas for the Ziff Davis organization and prospective advertisers.

Freelance Associate Media Planner, Digital 01/2014 - 02/2014 Com pany Nam e City , State

## Clients: WEtv, Sundance TV, FUSE, Nuvo TV, 20th Century TV Â

- RFPed potential vendors for upcom ing cam paigns.
- Reviewed vendor proposals, negotiated plan, and assisted with putting together cam paign recom m endations for clients.
- Created and updated buy sheets for client approval.
- Entered all m edia buys into Strata, and sent/received signed IOs from  vendors.
- Coordinated digital production of custom  assets with vendor, client, and creative agencies.
- Created t-sheets for Ad Ops team , and send out tags to approved vendors.
- Met with potential new partners to learn about capabilities and ad opportunities.
- Provided campaign reporting for currently running cam paigns, and in-depth post reporting using Dart DFA and Excel.

## Studio Manager 08/2013 - 01/2014 Company Name City , State

- Opened job numbers and created estim ates for new jobs.
- Scheduled and attended all pre-shoot m eetings, noting any changes or requests.
- Set up and broke down shoots for visiting client, assisting with any needs during the day.
- Revised and sent out estim ates and paym ents to vendors and clients.
- Assisted food stylist, prop stylist, and photographer during shoot prep, shoot, and post shoot by running errands, and anything else needed.

## Digital Sales Planner 07/2013 - 08/2013 Com pany Nam e City , State

- Assisted Director of Sales Developm ent and Account Executives in assem bling custom ized m arketing plans for incom ing RFPs from agencies and clients to m eet their advertising objectives.
- Helped in managing key relationships with agency personnel and clients.
- Worked with Account Executives to ensure a sm ooth transition from  pre-sale responsible to post-sale and cam paign activation.
- Entered and managed sales inventory through Dart DFP, and created and/or revised insertion orders for agencies and clients.
- Key liaison between digital production, ad ops, and project m anagers to ensure delivery of strategic and successful m edia program s with optimal CTRs, and other key digital m etrics.

## Contract Marketing Coordinator at Verison FiOS 04/2013 - 05/2013 Com pany Nam e City , State

- Provided support for 16 Account Managers and two Regional Account Mangers.
- Pulled and analyzed m ultiple daily sales reports through VZaI.
- Created new reports at the request of Account Managers and Regional Account Managers.
- Managed six street team  em ployees for fieldwork events and event reporting.

## Freelance Digital Media/Traffic Coordinator at Prudential 02/2013 - 03/2013 Com pany Nam e City , State

- Entered new campaigns into MediaVisor and MediaOcean to create IOs for publishers and traffic sheets for creative departm ents.
- Provided monthly campaign report and analysis using Dart DFA.
- Cost audited all m edia spend of the previous m onths activity for finance departm ent.
- Point person for Aventa, trafficking com pany, and assisted with any issues or questions about current and upcom ing cam paigns.

Freelance Assistant Digital Media Planner At Neo@Ogilvy 12/2012 - 01/2013 Com pany Nam e City , State

## Clients: Caesar's Entertainment Â

- Assisted with subm itting and processing m edia invoices through ASPEN.
- Maintained vendor relationships and m onitored delivery of active cam paigns.
- Generated and analyzed all cam paign reports to determ ine m edia spend and perform ance against respective m etrics, in addition to presenting results and insights directly to the client.
- Assisted in RFP and m edia negotiations, and issues insertion orders to publishers using DDS.
- Created media recommendations and media flowcharts for upcom ing cam paigns.

Integrated Junior Media Associate 11/2011 - 11/2012 Com pany Nam e City , State

## Client: Samsung; Enterprise and Consumer Business and Telecom Â

- Samsung Developed strategy for traditional and interactive m edia, and tactical interactive m edia recom m endation for new products l aunches, and other key products under the Enterprise (B2B) and Consum er Business Divisions for Sam sung US.
- Lead weekly status calls with the client, creative agencies and other partners for 9+ cam paigns.
- Activated digital executions from  RFPs to post-buy reports, using MediaOcean and Dart DFA.
- Analysis and present bi-m onthly cam paign reporting with optim ization recom m endations.
- Utili z e i n du stry  tool s su ch  as IMS, Com score, and Tardi i s to devel op cam pai gn recom m endations, as well as weekly presentations of i n du stry  trade arti cl es.
- Provide POVs on new partners and opportunities for the client Accom plishm ents Com pleted Starcom  Mediavest Group Flight Basics trai ni n g  cou rse.

## Education

Present Certification : eCornell - Marketing Strategy

Seven-course online m arketing certificate with MBA-level strategic m arketing training.

December 2010 Bachelors of Arts : Seton Hall University - Com m unications City , State GPA: GPA: 3.4

Emphasis in Public Relations

Marketing, Public Relations and Journalism  coursework

Member of PRSSA, Member of Alpha Phi Sorority: Director of Marketing, 2008-2009 and Vice President of Marketing, 2009-2010

## Skills

- M edia Planning/Buying Softward: MediaOcean, DDS, MediaVisor, Aspen, Strata, Dart DFA and DFP
- Research Software: IMS Clear Decisions (MRI), com Score, Adviews, Snapshot, SRDS, eMarketer
- Other Software: Salesforce, Central Desktop VZaI, Hyperion, Lotus Notes, Mircsoft Office Suite, Google Drive and Docs, Box, QuarkXPress
- Mac/PC Platform proficient